and I was your age they would say you
could become cops or criminals when
you're facing a loaded gun what's
difference this is not the regular place
this is a state please we are in a leap
unit mr. so we're after Frank Costello
you won't be paid as a regular cop but
there's a bonus above so what do I do
you will not ever know the identity of
undercover people you have anyone in
with Costello permanently maybe Do You
Know Who I am
maybe not when I have my associates
search you I was quick he's dead already
I think we could work something out we
are well convinced the customers at
least one mole inside the Special
Investigations Unit there are times in
my job I can't talk to you about well
you are trouble you don't know the half
of it
you better get organized quick hey last
time I checked I tipped you off
and you're not in jail get the feeling
we got a cop my crew
sooner lady's gonna find out who I am
and he's gonna kill me
calm down we're the only two people on
the face of this earth that even know
you're a cop I can get the rat you just
gotta let me do it my way you don't it
won't be me who placed our
[Music]
you're lying to me there are things you
don't want to know about
what are you waiting for us I mean you
wanted to chop me up and feed me the
poor is that what you guys want
[Music]
oh definitely